Three texts you should never, ever, send
to a man. Number one, never ask him
where you stand, what you two are, or
where it is going. If he wanted to make
it clear, he would. A man that wants you
would never risk losing you to another
man. He wants to lock you down as
quickly as possible to make sure you are
his. Number two, never ask a man for his
time. If he doesn't ask you to go out,
if he doesn't text you, if he doesn't
think about you throughout a day or two,
this is your answer. And number three,
the most important text you should
never, ever, under no circumstances,
ever send to a man is a double text, a
triple text, a quadruple text. Believe
me, if he didn't reply to you, it's not
because he didn't see the message or he
was too busy. He opened his phone, saw
your message, decided to close his
phone, and not reply. So, no, he doesn't
need a reminder that you still exist.
You need to have more self-respect to
understand he just doesn't care enough
about you. Now, if you want to know what
to do and say instead, you will find
exact scripts and phrases in my book.
Comment queen below and I will send you
the link.